{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red0\green0\blue0;\red109\green109\blue109;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15780\viewh12540\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa200

\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Texto para browser
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \uc0\u8232 \
MONTE: Artist Studios, Workshops and Residence Program\
\uc0\u8232 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\u8232 \

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 INTRO
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 espa\'f1ol\uc0\u8232 
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Monte es un proyecto auto-gestionado por artistas para artistas y personas vinculadas al universo creativo.\

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 ingles\uc0\u8232 
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Monte is a project that is developed and implemented by artists for artists and other people connected to the creative universe.\
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\
\uc0\u8232 \

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 ACCIONES / ACTIONS
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 espa\'f1ol\uc0\u8232 
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 encuentros de talleres, exposiciones y presentaciones vinculadas al arte.\

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 ingles\'a0\uc0\u8232 
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 workshop encounters, expositions and presentations.\
\uc0\u8232 \

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 OVER
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 espa\'f1ol
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
las acciones a lo largo del a\'f1o se organizan en relaci\'f3n con las artes visuales: la pintura, la escultura y la imagen fija. tambi\'e9n se reciben propuestas teniendo a disposici\'f3n una sala equipada con: sillas, wi-fi, proyector, mesas.\'a0\

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 ingles
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \uc0\u8232 \
actions are developed and organized throughout the year in relation to visual arts: painting, sculpture and photography. proposals are also accepted for the use of our large exhibition and meeting space that is equipped with wi-fi, projector, speakers, tables and chair.\
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \uc0\u8232 
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 TALLERES / WORKSHOPS
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 espa\'f1ol
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \uc0\u8232 \
espacios personales de trabajo destinado para artistas visuales, escritores, productores, investigadores, editores, o personas a fin con las artes y el trabajo de oficio: pintura, escultura, imagen fija y en movimiento.\'a0\
\uc0\u8232 \

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 ingles
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
personal work spaces for visual artists, writers, producers, researchers, editors as well as artists and craft makers, in general: painters, sculptors, photographer and filmmakers\
\uc0\u8232 \

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 OVER
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 espa\'f1ol
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
los talleres son 10 salas que var\'edan en sus dimensiones y luminosidad. los alquileres son por un periodo m\'ednimo de un a\'f1o.\

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 ingles
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \uc0\u8232 \
there are 10 workshops of varying dimensions and luminosity. rental of these spaces is for a minimum of one year\uc0\u8232 \
\uc0\u8232 \
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\uc0\u8232 \
\uc0\u8232 \

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 RESIDENCIA / RESIDENCE
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 espa\'f1ol\uc0\u8232 
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 estimular el dialogo creativo mediante el intercambio y la hospitalidad cultural, por periodos de uno a tres meses.\'a0\

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 ingles\uc0\u8232 
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 stimulating dialogue through cultural exchange and hospitality, for periods of one to three months.\

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \uc0\u8232 
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 OVER
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 espa\'f1ol
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
la residencia es la posibilidad para artistas y dem\'e1s creativos profesionales para residir y trabajar temporalmente fuera de su locaci\'f3n habitual. Esta oportunidad ofrece condiciones que conducen a la creatividad y provee de un contexto inspirador como tambi\'e9n de facilidades pr\'e1cticas, conexiones y la alternativa de exposici\'f3n frente a una audiencia determinada.\'a0\

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 ingles
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \uc0\u8232 \
the residency offers the opportunity for artists and other creative professionals to live and work temporarily outside of their usual environments. the residency program provides an inspirational context and conditions conducive to creativity, as well as practical facilities, connections to local artists and art communities and the potential for exposing work to determined audiences.\
\uc0\u8232 \
\uc0\u8232 \
\uc0\u8232 \
\uc0\u8232 \
\uc0\u8232 \

\itap1\trowd \taflags0 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth15680\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth15440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt120 \clpadl120 \clpadb120 \clpadr120 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720

\fs30 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \cell \lastrow\row
}